(LOG-14651) - Design System :: Personalizar Storybook (#113)
comexio/design-system: docs/stories/Introduction.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Getting Started/Introduction" />

<style>{`
  .containt-logo {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
  }
  .logo-logcomex {
    width: 50vw;
  }
  .containt-topics {
    display: flex;
    justify-content: center;
  }
  .title-about{
    text-align: center;
  }
`}</style>

<!--About session-->
<div className="title-about">
  <h1>About our design system</h1>
</div>

> Ayla, [LogComex](https://www.logcomex.com/) Design System, was developed with the aim of facilitating the work of our team of developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ayla, [LogComex](https://www.logcomex.com/) Design System, was developed with the objective of facilitating the work of our dev team.
```

Combining design and agility, you can create new LogComex products without wasting time and following the pattern of our other products!

The Design System - Ayla, from LogComex, can be understood as an extension of [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/) components adapted to the needs of our team,

> also containing rules of layout, colors and typography of Log That way, we have all of our component standards here so that the team can enjoy them without the need to think about design rules and component functionalities, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also containing rules of layout, colors and typography, we have all of our component standards here so that the team can enjoy them without the need to think about design rules and component functionalities.
```
